fix: don't create functions for other time units if this leads to a cycle in the graph (#624)
iza-institute-of-labor-economics/gettsim: CHANGES.md

## Unpublished

> - {gh}`624` Don't create functions for other time units if this leads to a loop ({ghuser}`lars-reimann`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {gh}`624` Don't create functions for other time units if this leads to a cycle in the graph ({ghuser}`lars-reimann`).
```

This is the correct terminology, with "loop" I always think "for" :-)
